Bubble Sort | 1 point
=====================

Of all the classical sorting algorithms, Bubble Sort is likely the most simple to write and to understand.

For this problem we will be sorting a list of numbers using a left to right bubble sort. Starting at the beginning of the list, compare every adjacent pair of numbers. Swap their position if they are not in the right order (i.e. if the right number is smaller than the left number). After doing this with the entire list, start again from the beginning. Each time you start again at the beginning of the list, one less number (the last one compared in the previous iteration) is needed to be
compared. Continue these iterations until there are no more elements left to be compared.

The goal of this problem is both to sort the list of numbers as well as to indicate how many times you had to swap a pair. For example, assume your initial list was 5 1 4 2 8. During the first pass, where you compare all pairs, there would be 3 swaps (5 and 1 then 5 and 4 then 5 and 2) resulting in a list of 1 4 2 5 8. During the second pass, there is one additional swap (4 and 2) and you would not compare the pair of 5 and 8. The third pass would result in no swaps and would only compare the
first two pairs. The fourth pass would only look at the first pair and would not swap anything. The total number of swaps for this list, therefore, is 4.

# Input description/format

The input for this problem will be a single line of text with a list of non-negative integer numbers. Each number will be separated by a single whitespace character. The list may contain duplicates.

# Output description/format

The result should contain two lines. The first line will be a single number. This number will be the number of swaps you needed to perform in order to sort the list using bubble sort. The second line will be the sorted list of numbers with one space character between each number and no leading or trailing spaces.

# Example input
```
5 1 4 2 8
```
# Example output
```
4
1 2 4 5 8
```
